

# lines
`import "github.com/cognusion/go-lines"`

* [Overview](#pkg-overview)
* [Index](#pkg-index)

## <a name="pkg-overview">Overview</a>
Package lines is a multipurpose ASCII line truncator, that ensures outputted lines do not exceed a specified length ever.
I was unimpressed with the packages I found for quality, speed, or both.

There is a major blindspot here with regards to multibyte characters. That's not a thing I am working toward due to its inherent
complexity and the purpose of this mod. PRs are welcome, but better packages probably exist
elsewhere.




## <a name="pkg-index">Index</a>
* [func LinifyStream(stream &lt;-chan string, out io.StringWriter, max int) error](#LinifyStream)
* [func LinifyString(s string, max int) string](#LinifyString)
* [func RawLinifyString(s string, max int) string](#RawLinifyString)


#### <a name="pkg-files">Package files</a>
[lines.go](https://github.com/cognusion/go-lines/tree/master/lines.go)





## <a name="LinifyStream">func</a> [LinifyStream](https://github.com/cognusion/go-lines/tree/master/lines.go?s=2286:2361#L83)
``` go
func LinifyStream(stream <-chan string, out io.StringWriter, max int) error
```
LinifyStream consumes a string chan and pushed linified results to the specified io.StringWriter.
An error is returned IFF the io.StringWriter returns an error.
This is only meaningfully efficient for arbitrarily massive sets of strings. Unless you are
linifying 'The Tommyknockers' or 'War and Peace', I doubt this is what you're looking for.



## <a name="LinifyString">func</a> [LinifyString](https://github.com/cognusion/go-lines/tree/master/lines.go?s=1070:1113#L40)
``` go
func LinifyString(s string, max int) string
```
LinifyString returns a string that has newlines inserted between word boundaries, at most every max characters.



## <a name="RawLinifyString">func</a> [RawLinifyString](https://github.com/cognusion/go-lines/tree/master/lines.go?s=607:653#L15)
``` go
func RawLinifyString(s string, max int) string
```
RawLinifyString returns a string that has newlines inserted every max characters, irrespective of word boundaries.








- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://github.com/cognusion/godoc2md)
